Add kc_action to redirect URI after a required action is cancelled (#31894) (#31925)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/changes/changes-26_0_0.adoc

Consequently, the environment variables `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN` and `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD` have been deprecated. You should use `KC_BOOTSTRAP_ADMIN_USERNAME` and `KC_BOOTSTRAP_ADMIN_PASSWORD` instead. These are also general options, so they may be specified via the cli or other config sources, for example `--bootstrap-admin-username=admin`. For more information, see the new https://www.keycloak.org/server/bootstrap-admin-recovery[Bootstrap admin and recovery] guide.

= Application Initiated Required Action redirect now contains kc_action Parameter

The required action provider name is now returned via the `kc_action` parameter when redirecting back from an application initiated required action execution.
This eases the detection of which required action was executed for a client. The outcome of the execution can be determined via the `kc_action_status` parameter.

> Note: This feature required changes in `Keycloak.js`, therefore it is recommended to upgrade to the latest `Keycloak.js` library when upgrading to this {project_name} version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This feature required changes to the Keycloak JS adapter, therefore it is recommended to upgrade to the latest version of the adapter if you want to make use of this feature.
```

Author: Thanks I'll apply your suggestion.
